[Music]
little bit extra like it doesn't take
this much effort to acquire a lemon I
would like to nominate sir DG shonduras
and well I didn't have as difficult of a
time finding lemons as Pete did but
nonetheless challenge accepted Peter but
I I can't up your creativity so I'm
gonna do the only thing I know how to do
in this situation
all of us started when Dylan found out
that his best friend Chris only had a
year left to live due to cancer so they
started lemons for leukemia to raise
awareness about marrow donors and how to
be a marrow donor because I can save
someone's life so if you're interested
check out the links in the description
below on what it means to become a donor
here we go ah I think I just busted my
lip ah okay so uh this is gonna up up
the ante a little bit we have sour lemon
and busted lip oh yeah I'm really good
hmm I nominate John Hill my linh and
iJustine okay
[Music]
we're app occurrence but what does ever
occurrence without an adventure we
aren't going in this thing hey this is
insane today we're headed down to
Yosemite because we're actually an hour
away so we gathered some friends an RV
and gonna adventure so many camps where
the worst not only is epic currents a
gathering of a lot of designers and
photographers videographers but we're
also in this crazy winter wonderland
setting so we're getting inspired but
we're also getting our adventure on
[Music]
Wow
I've never seen this for my life I've
never seen anything like this before in
my life beautiful look at this one guys
what is it a 100 to 400 to master lens
[Music]
art I was like panning down and r-rated
now it monetized guys guys
so many things are happening right now
you this is on my desktop computer going
up the mountains Yosa might y'all
yo michael has a sag Fujifilm instant
Polaroid camera he got a few good snaps
here don't they look good guys
yeah oh wow Tennessee's a fridge and
like second destination Oh shocker it's
beautiful
and you what did you just say hashtag
vodka and sponsored content mi spunk
are you spawn conned by Taniya Lodge at
you somebody in my spawn con I've never
heard of that before I Lodge isn't you
somebody in fish camp we've we've been
living a lie we actually did have to
drive over an hour to get to Yosemite
but you know what I just like to keep
things fresh and honest I don't like to
lie to you guys
[Music]
what's up YouTube it's a girl India oh
oh
we got the worms
[Music]
this place is absolutely beautiful thank
you guys so much for hanging out with me
on Epic currents let me know if you like
this video hit that subscribe button
down below for new videos every single
week until next time stay PG okay what
do you think is the purpose of Sasuke I
mean I think you do learn things that
you should know you should know
composition of a shot you should know
when people subscribe that really means
nothing now they're not gonna get
notified of your video there was this
time that there was this guy and he was
in a few of my videos and then I put up
a video just completely like heartbroken
over it
you